The text-based game project that we decided to work on is Doublejack, which is our twist on the standard game of blackjack. 
Our game starts as a standard game of blackjack, but when the dealer hits a 21, all players have the option to continue 
playing their hand until 42 (including players who have busted). In the game of Doublejack the dealer is dealt 2 additional 
cards (on top of whichever combination of cards that lead to 21), one face up and one face down. If the player chooses to 
participate in a round of Doublejack, they continue playing their previous hand but the target threshold is moved up from 
21 to 42. In Doublejack all payouts are doubled compared to regular blackjack,  meaning that blackjack pays 1:3 and a standard 
win pays 1:2.

To play our game, you can run the python file which will automatically call the startGame() function. You have to choose
between singleplayer and multiplayer, and input each respective player's name and budget (measured in poptarts) before starting the 
game. You can play multiplayer, where multiple human players play each hand, or singleplayer, where you play against an AI (conveniently 
named after poker players ). Since you are competing against the house, there is no direct player vs AI interaction in our game. However, 
in singleplayer you can choose to compete against other AI players who follow a simplified version of the "basic blackjack strategy chart"
and sizes its bet according to the true count. The strategy to playing doublejack is 1) placing a large bet in doublejack rounds since 
expected value is doubled and 2) counting cards (e.g. using hi-low strategy) to keep track of face cards.

While the execution and coding part of the project went relatively smoothly, increasing the target threshold for 42 caused many
changes to the game. For example, we needed to figure out a new dealer stand threshold that would give as close to 50/50 odds
between the player and dealer. To achieve this we ran a simulation across thresholds ranging from 33-41 to deduce which numerical
threshold had the closest dealer bust rate to a regular game of blackjack.

The resulting product of our text-game based was a variant of blackjack that you can play on the terminal with friends or alone 
against AI. Players are given a second chance to play a variant of blackjack with payout odds that highly favor the player. We have
a terminal UI that allows players to type their choices (like hit vs stand) and player information (like budget, gains, and losses)
are saved to different dictionaries in the constructor inside the Doublejack class.

The most difficult part by far was to create the card counting AI. We had to simplify the "basic blackjack strategy chart" because
there were too many variations and exceptions (like doubling or distinguishing between soft vs hard hands). Our current version decides
its next course of actions based on its current count of its card and doesn't take the dealer's face card into consideration. If I
were to improve on this further, I would like to make a smarter card counting AI that takes into account dealer's face card and the
current True count to not only size their bets, but also determine whether to hit or stand.